# Contemporary Issues In Data
In this document, I will be discussing two articles regarding the Covid-19 vaccine and its distribution. Using data provided by the CDC, these two articles touch base upon different demographics that have received the vaccine. 

## Article 1
In CNN's [70% to 85% of Americans need to be fully vaccinated for a return to normal, Fauci says. So far it's less than 2%](https://www.cnn.com/2021/02/03/health/us-coronavirus-wednesday/index.html), the author states that only approximately 34 million doses of the Covid-19 vaccine have been administered, 27 million of which have only received the first dose. With the USA population of about 330 million, only around 2% of the population have been vaccinated with both vaccines. The article then quotes Dr. Fauci, who believes that the United States can realistically reach high levels of vaccination by the summertime. 
The article then addresses the scarce supply and slow distribution of the vaccine. It states that one hindrance to the fast distrubition of the vaccine is due to partisanship, as opposed to actual demographic factors. However, the author points out that there was no racial difference in regards to vaccine reluctance among Republicans, but did find one among Democrats. 

## Article 2
The New York Times's article, [The Wealthy Are Getting More Vaccinations, Even in Poorer Neighborhoods](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/02/02/health/white-people-covid-vaccines-minorities.html) investigates possible racial discrimination in terms of who is receiving the Covid-19 vaccine. The article states that citizens living in wealthy, predominately white neighborhoods are receiving more doses of the vaccine despite the limited supply. For instance, the author points out that in New York City, caucasians received approximately half of the available vaccines, while African-American and Latino residents were underrepresented despite their large percentage of the population. 
Next, the article discusses a potential solution, which is to target vaccine distribution in areas that have the highest rate of infection or mortality. However, the author then shares many flaws with this approach, including lawsuits alleging racial preference or public outcry. In one example, Dallas County initiated plans to establish a vaccine center in a neighborhood that is predominantly African-American and Latino. The white, wealthier districts in Dallas were able to make appointments and sign up for the vaccine much faster than the citizens in the neighborhood of the facility. 

